[Fix] Fix issue #1052 (#1105)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/cli/model-training-inference/configuration-run.rst

GraphStorm's model training and inference launch CLIs (both task-specific and task-agnostic) have a set of parameters to configure system enviornment for training and inference.

- **workspace**: the folder where launch command assume all artifacts were saved. If the other parameters' file paths are relative paths, launch command will consider these files in the workspace.

>     .. Note:: Users need to create the workspace folder before hand to avoid errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. Note:: Users need to create the workspace folder beforehand to avoid errors.
```
